# Mirrors

I was going through some of my older works and I saw this short piece that I wrote a while back (6 months maybe?). I kind of liked it after re-reading it (which is rare haha), so I thought I’d post it here:

---

### Mirrors.

Have you ever noticed?

When you stand between two parallel mirrors, you can see infinite reflections of yourself. Everyone knows this. Everyone has, at some point in there life, stood between these two mirrors. Maybe you stood in a dressing room in a clothing store, staring at millions of copies of yourself fading off at the horizon. Maybe you stood in front of your bathroom mirror with your makeup box’s miniature mirror facing it, the light bouncing back and forth forever.

Whatever the case. We all know about this infinite corridor.

It’s kind of surreal if you think about it, isn’t it? So many copies of yourself, each one a little bit more deformed from what you really are. A little wider, a little longer, just a little more… twisted.

And these are just the copies we can see. These are just the reflections within our line of sight. What about the final copy? The final reflection at the end of this pathway?

You might think that you could just glimpse this version of you at the end of the corridor. An eye or a hand, or maybe even a strand of hair. You should be able to, right? The corridor should, eventually, end at this tiny pinprick of light, right?

No. You can’t. Stand in front of those mirrors once more. Stare till the end. Stare as far out as you can. It won’t take long to spot.

This corridor, this mirrored corridor that seems to go on forever? It doesn’t. You’ll see it within a few moments––it turns. It’s not a straight corridor, it’s curved, it’s like those tunnels you drive your car through on the road. It’s a roundabout, and it’s stretching to the side, and you can’t see till the end.

Whatever warped version of you hides back there, it’s invisible.

Like the tunnel curves away just to keep it out of your sight, to keep it just out of reach. It’s trapped there, at the end of this mirror tunnel that shouldn’t turn but still does.

---

I think you should actually find two mirrors and try this out. If you don’t believe me. They infinite corridor really does turn sideways which is wacky as hell because you would expect it to go straight infinitely.
